WMCO 10.18.0/4.18 release notes (#87287)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-18-release-notes.adoc

* Previously, installation of an {aws-short} cluster failed in certain environments on existing subnets when the `publicIp` parameter for the `MachineSet` object was explicity set to `false`. With this release, a configuration value set for `publicIp` no longer causes issues when the installation program provisions machines for your {aws-short} cluster in certain environment. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45130[*OCPBUGS-45130*])

> * Previously, enabling a provisioning network by editing the cluster-wide Provisioning resource was only possible on clusters with platform type `baremetal`, such as ones created by the IPI installer. On bare metal, {sno}, and user-provisioned infrastructure clusters that would result in a validation error. The excessive validation has been removed, and enabling a provisioning network is now possible on baremetal clusters with platform type `none`. As with IPI, users are responsible for making sure that all networking requirements are met for this operation. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-43371[*OCPBUGS-43371*])

Reviewer: Still some IPIs in this text, also I think this edit changes the meaning. I believe you want:
```suggestion
* Previously, enabling a provisioning network by editing the cluster-wide `Provisioning` resource was only possible on clusters with platform type `baremetal`, such as ones created by the installer-provisioned infrastructure installation program. On bare metal {sno} and user-provisioned infrastructure clusters, this would result in a validation error. The excessive validation has been removed, and enabling a provisioning network is now possible on baremetal clusters with platform type `none`. As with installer-provisioned infrastructure, users are responsible for making sure that all networking requirements are met for this operation. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-43371[*OCPBUGS-43371*])
```

Author: Thanks! Not sure why Atom didn't see these (or I didn't see that Atom did!).

[id="ocp-4-18-5-bug-fixes_{context}"]
==== Bug fixes

>  * Previously, during cluster creation, Machine API (MAPI) started and managed machines in an installer-provisioned infrastructure deployed cluster on {ibm-cloud-title}. MAPI detected an unhealthy control plane node and flagged it for deletion, which destroyed the cluster. With this release, during cluster creation, all control plane nodes are restored. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-52173[*OCPBUGS-52173*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Previously, during cluster creation, the Machine API started and managed machines in an installer-provisioned infrastructure deployed cluster on {ibm-cloud-title}. The Machine API detected an unhealthy control plane node and flagged it for deletion, which destroyed the cluster. With this release, during cluster creation, all control plane nodes are restored. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-52173[*OCPBUGS-52173*])
```
